Update `Official tournament support` with multiple minor changes (#12419)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/Official_support/en.md

- A list of applicable badge recipients (a.k.a. the winners of your tournament).
- An appropriately designed badge ([see below](#profile-badges)).
- Links to the tournament's wiki page, website and/or publicly viewable spreadsheet(s) with:
  - The tournament's match history with links to all matches, including qualifiers where applicable.
  - The tournament's mappools.

>   - The qualifier results — for tournaments that use qualifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The tournament's qualifier results, where applicable.
```

Users under an active tournament ban are expected to disclose their tournament ban status to any officially supported tournament they intend to help with. They may be enlisted as streamers, commentators, or graphic designers at the host's discretion, but we encourage careful consideration of such choices as said individuals have already infringed upon the rules once (or more). They may not act as any other staff role UNLESS the host requests an exemption for them when sending in their initial request for support. The account support team will then assess these on a case-by-case basis with the user's history in mind.

> At the support team's discretion, staff members whose conduct directly results in a tournament losing its official support may not fulfil the same roles in, nor be the host or admin of, another badged tournament for at least 4 months. In the event where a staffing ban is applied to a user, they will be informed directly through the [tournament team](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the support team's discretion, staff members whose conduct directly results in a tournament losing its official support may not fulfil the same roles in, nor be the host or admin of, another officially-supported tournament for at least 4 months. In the event a staffing ban is applied to a user, they will be informed directly through the [tournament team](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh).
```
